Add documentation for airgap install (#372)
rancher/rke2: docs/airgap.md

# Air-Gap Install

RKE2 can be installed in an air-gapped environment with two different methods.

> You can either deploy via the bundled system images tar or by using a private registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can either deploy via the bundled `rke2-airgap-images` tarball, or by using a private registry.
```

All files mentioned in the steps can be obtained from the assets of the desired released rke2 version [here](https://github.com/rancher/rke2/releases).

If running on an SELinux enforcing air-gapped node, you must first install the necessary SELinux policy RPM before performing these steps.

## Tarball Method
1. Add the desired version of the `rke2-airgap-images-amd64.tar.gz` file to the air-gapped node.

> 2. Unzip the tar.gz file so that it is only a tar, and add it to `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/agent/images/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Gunzip the tar.gz file so that it is only a tar, and move it to `/var/lib/rancher/rke2/agent/images/`.
```

3. [Install RKE2](#install-rke2)

## Private Registry Method

> This requires the private registry to use TLS with the cert trusted by the host OS CA bundle. Furthermore, the registry must not require authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The private registry must be using TLS, with a cert trusted by the host CA bundle. If the registry is using a self-signed cert, you can add the cert to the host CA bundle with `update-ca-certificates`. The registry must also allow anonymous (unauthenticated) access.
```
